c:\users\finch\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\MongoDbMarket\MongoDbMarket.WebUI\bin\ApplicationInsights.config
c:\users\finch\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\MongoDbMarket\MongoDbMarket.WebUI\bin\roslyn\csc.exe
c:\users\finch\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\MongoDbMarket\MongoDbMarket.WebUI\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.Build.Tasks.CodeAnalysis.dll
c:\users\finch\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\MongoDbMarket\MongoDbMarket.WebUI\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.CSharp.dll
c:\users\finch\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\MongoDbMarket\MongoDbMarket.WebUI\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.dll
c:\users\finch\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\MongoDbMarket\MongoDbMarket.WebUI\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.VisualBasic.dll
c:\users\finch\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\MongoDbMarket\MongoDbMarket.WebUI\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.CSharp.Core.targets
c:\users\finch\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\MongoDbMarket\MongoDbMarket.WebUI\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.VisualBasic.Core.targets
c:\users\finch\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\MongoDbMarket\MongoDbMarket.WebUI\bin\roslyn\System.Collections.Immutable.dll
c:\users\finch\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\MongoDbMarket\MongoDbMarket.WebUI\bin\roslyn\System.Reflection.Metadata.dll
c:\users\finch\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\MongoDbMarket\MongoDbMarket.WebUI\bin\roslyn\vbc.exe
c:\users\finch\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\MongoDbMarket\MongoDbMarket.WebUI\bin\roslyn\VBCSCompiler.exe
c:\users\finch\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\MongoDbMarket\MongoDbMarket.WebUI\bin\roslyn\VBCSCompiler.exe.config
c:\users\finch\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\MongoDbMarket\MongoDbMarket.WebUI\bin\MongoDbMarket.WebUI.dll.config
c:\users\finch\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\MongoDbMarket\MongoDbMarket.WebUI\bin\MongoDbMarket.WebUI.dll
c:\users\finch\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\MongoDbMarket\MongoDbMarket.WebUI\bin\MongoDbMarket.WebUI.pdb
c:\users\finch\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\MongoDbMarket\MongoDbMarket.WebUI\bin\Microsoft.AI.Agent.Intercept.dll
c:\users\finch\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\MongoDbMarket\MongoDbMarket.WebUI\bin\Microsoft.AI.DependencyCollector.dll
c:\users\finch\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\MongoDbMarket\MongoDbMarket.WebUI\bin\Microsoft.AI.PerfCounterCollector.dll
c:\users\finch\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\MongoDbMarket\MongoDbMarket.WebUI\bin\Microsoft.AI.ServerTelemetryChannel.dll
c:\users\finch\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\MongoDbMarket\MongoDbMarket.WebUI\bin\Microsoft.AI.Web.dll
c:\users\finch\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\MongoDbMarket\MongoDbMarket.WebUI\bin\Microsoft.AI.WindowsServer.dll
c:\users\finch\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\MongoDbMarket\MongoDbMarket.WebUI\bin\Microsoft.ApplicationInsights.dll
c:\users\finch\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\MongoDbMarket\MongoDbMarket.WebUI\bin\Microsoft.CodeDom.Providers.DotNetCompilerPlatform.dll
c:\users\finch\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\MongoDbMarket\MongoDbMarket.WebUI\bin\Microsoft.Web.Infrastructure.dll
c:\users\finch\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\MongoDbMarket\MongoDbMarket.WebUI\bin\Ninject.dll
c:\users\finch\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\MongoDbMarket\MongoDbMarket.WebUI\bin\Ninject.Web.Common.dll
c:\users\finch\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\MongoDbMarket\MongoDbMarket.WebUI\bin\Ninject.Web.Mvc.dll
c:\users\finch\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\MongoDbMarket\MongoDbMarket.WebUI\bin\System.Web.Helpers.dll
c:\users\finch\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\MongoDbMarket\MongoDbMarket.WebUI\bin\System.Web.Mvc.dll
c:\users\finch\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\MongoDbMarket\MongoDbMarket.WebUI\bin\System.Web.Razor.dll
c:\users\finch\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\MongoDbMarket\MongoDbMarket.WebUI\bin\System.Web.Webpages.Deployment.dll
c:\users\finch\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\MongoDbMarket\MongoDbMarket.WebUI\bin\System.Web.Webpages.dll
c:\users\finch\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\MongoDbMarket\MongoDbMarket.WebUI\bin\System.Web.Webpages.Razor.dll
c:\users\finch\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\MongoDbMarket\MongoDbMarket.WebUI\bin\WebActivatorEx.dll
c:\users\finch\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\MongoDbMarket\MongoDbMarket.WebUI\bin\Microsoft.AI.DependencyCollector.xml
c:\users\finch\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\MongoDbMarket\MongoDbMarket.WebUI\bin\Microsoft.AI.ServerTelemetryChannel.xml
c:\users\finch\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\MongoDbMarket\MongoDbMarket.WebUI\bin\Microsoft.AI.Web.xml
c:\users\finch\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\MongoDbMarket\MongoDbMarket.WebUI\bin\Microsoft.AI.WindowsServer.xml
c:\users\finch\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\MongoDbMarket\MongoDbMarket.WebUI\bin\Microsoft.ApplicationInsights.xml
c:\users\finch\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\MongoDbMarket\MongoDbMarket.WebUI\bin\Microsoft.CodeDom.Providers.DotNetCompilerPlatform.xml
c:\users\finch\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\MongoDbMarket\MongoDbMarket.WebUI\bin\Ninject.xml
c:\users\finch\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\MongoDbMarket\MongoDbMarket.WebUI\bin\Ninject.Web.Common.xml
c:\users\finch\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\MongoDbMarket\MongoDbMarket.WebUI\bin\Ninject.Web.Mvc.xml
c:\users\finch\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\MongoDbMarket\MongoDbMarket.WebUI\bin\System.Web.Razor.xml
c:\users\finch\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\MongoDbMarket\MongoDbMarket.WebUI\bin\System.Web.Webpages.xml
c:\users\finch\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\MongoDbMarket\MongoDbMarket.WebUI\bin\System.Web.Webpages.Deployment.xml
c:\users\finch\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\MongoDbMarket\MongoDbMarket.WebUI\bin\System.Web.Webpages.Razor.xml
c:\users\finch\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\MongoDbMarket\MongoDbMarket.WebUI\bin\System.Web.Helpers.xml
c:\users\finch\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\MongoDbMarket\MongoDbMarket.WebUI\bin\System.Web.Mvc.xml
c:\users\finch\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\MongoDbMarket\MongoDbMarket.WebUI\bin\ru\System.Web.Razor.resources.dll
c:\users\finch\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\MongoDbMarket\MongoDbMarket.WebUI\bin\ru\System.Web.Webpages.resources.dll
c:\users\finch\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\MongoDbMarket\MongoDbMarket.WebUI\bin\ru\System.Web.Webpages.Deployment.resources.dll
c:\users\finch\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\MongoDbMarket\MongoDbMarket.WebUI\bin\ru\System.Web.Webpages.Razor.resources.dll
c:\users\finch\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\MongoDbMarket\MongoDbMarket.WebUI\bin\ru\System.Web.Helpers.resources.dll
c:\users\finch\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\MongoDbMarket\MongoDbMarket.WebUI\bin\ru\System.Web.Mvc.resources.dll
c:\users\finch\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\MongoDbMarket\MongoDbMarket.WebUI\obj\Debug\MongoDbMarket.WebUI.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
c:\users\finch\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\MongoDbMarket\MongoDbMarket.WebUI\obj\Debug\MongoDbMarket.WebUI.dll
c:\users\finch\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\MongoDbMarket\MongoDbMarket.WebUI\obj\Debug\MongoDbMarket.WebUI.pdb
c:\users\finch\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\MongoDbMarket\MongoDbMarket.WebUI\bin\MongoDbMarket.Domain.dll
c:\users\finch\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\MongoDbMarket\MongoDbMarket.WebUI\bin\MongoDB.Bson.dll
c:\users\finch\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\MongoDbMarket\MongoDbMarket.WebUI\bin\MongoDbMarket.Domain.pdb
c:\users\finch\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\MongoDbMarket\MongoDbMarket.WebUI\bin\MongoDB.Bson.xml
c:\users\finch\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\MongoDbMarket\MongoDbMarket.WebUI\bin\System.Runtime.InteropServices.RuntimeInformation.dll
C:\Users\Finch\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\MongoDbMarket\MongoDbMarket.WebUI\bin\MongoDB.Driver.Core.dll
C:\Users\Finch\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\MongoDbMarket\MongoDbMarket.WebUI\bin\MongoDB.Driver.xml
C:\Users\Finch\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\MongoDbMarket\MongoDbMarket.WebUI\bin\MongoDB.Driver.Core.xml
C:\Users\Finch\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\MongoDbMarket\MongoDbMarket.WebUI\bin\EntityFramework.dll
C:\Users\Finch\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\MongoDbMarket\MongoDbMarket.WebUI\bin\EntityFramework.SqlServer.dll
C:\Users\Finch\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\MongoDbMarket\MongoDbMarket.WebUI\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.EntityFramework.dll
C:\Users\Finch\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\MongoDbMarket\MongoDbMarket.WebUI\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.Owin.dll
C:\Users\Finch\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\MongoDbMarket\MongoDbMarket.WebUI\bin\Microsoft.Owin.dll
C:\Users\Finch\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\MongoDbMarket\MongoDbMarket.WebUI\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.Cookies.dll
C:\Users\Finch\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\MongoDbMarket\MongoDbMarket.WebUI\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.dll
C:\Users\Finch\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\MongoDbMarket\MongoDbMarket.WebUI\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.OAuth.dll
C:\Users\Finch\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\MongoDbMarket\MongoDbMarket.WebUI\bin\Newtonsoft.Json.dll
C:\Users\Finch\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\MongoDbMarket\MongoDbMarket.WebUI\bin\Owin.dll
C:\Users\Finch\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\MongoDbMarket\MongoDbMarket.WebUI\bin\EntityFramework.xml
C:\Users\Finch\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\MongoDbMarket\MongoDbMarket.WebUI\bin\EntityFramework.SqlServer.xml
C:\Users\Finch\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\MongoDbMarket\MongoDbMarket.WebUI\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.EntityFramework.xml
C:\Users\Finch\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\MongoDbMarket\MongoDbMarket.WebUI\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.Owin.xml
C:\Users\Finch\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\MongoDbMarket\MongoDbMarket.WebUI\bin\Microsoft.Owin.xml
C:\Users\Finch\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\MongoDbMarket\MongoDbMarket.WebUI\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.xml
C:\Users\Finch\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\MongoDbMarket\MongoDbMarket.WebUI\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.Cookies.xml
C:\Users\Finch\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\MongoDbMarket\MongoDbMarket.WebUI\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.OAuth.xml
C:\Users\Finch\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\MongoDbMarket\MongoDbMarket.WebUI\bin\Newtonsoft.Json.xml
C:\Users\Finch\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\MongoDbMarket\MongoDbMarket.WebUI\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Host.SystemWeb.dll
C:\Users\Finch\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\MongoDbMarket\MongoDbMarket.WebUI\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Host.SystemWeb.xml
C:\Users\Finch\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\MongoDbMarket\MongoDbMarket.WebUI\bin\MongoDB.Driver.dll
C:\Users\Finch\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\MongoDbMarket\MongoDbMarket.WebUI\bin\MongoDB.Driver.GridFS.dll
C:\Users\Finch\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\MongoDbMarket\MongoDbMarket.WebUI\bin\MongoDB.Driver.GridFS.xml
C:\Users\Finch\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\MongoDbMarket\MongoDbMarket.WebUI\bin\Antlr3.Runtime.dll
C:\Users\Finch\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\MongoDbMarket\MongoDbMarket.WebUI\bin\System.Web.Optimization.dll
C:\Users\Finch\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\MongoDbMarket\MongoDbMarket.WebUI\bin\WebGrease.dll
C:\Users\Finch\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\MongoDbMarket\MongoDbMarket.WebUI\bin\Antlr3.Runtime.pdb
C:\Users\Finch\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\MongoDbMarket\MongoDbMarket.WebUI\bin\System.Web.Optimization.xml
C:\Users\Finch\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\MongoDbMarket\MongoDbMarket.WebUI\bin\MongoDbMarket.WebUI.dll.CodeAnalysisLog.xml
C:\Users\Finch\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\MongoDbMarket\MongoDbMarket.WebUI\bin\MongoDbMarket.WebUI.dll.lastcodeanalysissucceeded
